Add Google ADK integration docs (#3002)
redis/docs: content/integrate/google-adk/_index.md

---
LinkTitle: Google ADK
Title: Redis with Google Agent Development Kit (ADK)
alwaysopen: false
categories:
- docs
- integrate
- oss
- rs
- rc
description: Build AI agents with persistent memory, semantic search, and caching
  using Redis and Google ADK.
group: ai
hideListLinks: false
stack: true
summary: Use Redis as the memory, search, and caching layer for Google ADK agents
  via the adk-redis package.
type: integration
weight: 30
---

[Google Agent Development Kit (ADK)](https://google.github.io/adk-docs/) provides clean abstractions for building AI agents: interfaces for memory, sessions, tools, and callbacks. [adk-redis](https://github.com/redis-developer/adk-redis) implements these interfaces using Redis, giving agents persistent two-tier memory, semantic search for RAG, and response caching without requiring changes to agent logic.

## Architecture

adk-redis connects three backend systems to the ADK framework:

- **[Redis Agent Memory Server](https://github.com/redis/agent-memory-server)** handles working memory (sessions), long-term memory (extracted facts), auto-summarization, and memory search.

> - **[RedisVL](https://docs.redisvl.com)** (Redis Vector Library) powers the search tools and local semantic cache provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **[RedisVL]({{< relref "/develop/ai/redisvl" >}})** (Redis Vector Library) powers the search tools and local semantic cache provider.
```

| Capability | Description | Page |
|------------|-------------|------|
| **Redis Agent Memory** | Working and long-term memory via framework services, REST tools, or MCP | [Redis Agent Memory]({{< relref "/integrate/google-adk/redis-agent-memory" >}}) |
| **Integration patterns** | Framework-managed, LLM-controlled REST, and MCP tools | [Integration patterns]({{< relref "/integrate/google-adk/integration-patterns" >}}) |
| **Search tools** | Vector, hybrid, text, and range search via RedisVL | [Search tools]({{< relref "/integrate/google-adk/search-tools" >}}) |
| **Semantic caching** | LLM response and tool result caching | [Semantic caching]({{< relref "/integrate/google-adk/semantic-caching" >}}) |
| **Examples** | Seven complete examples covering all capabilities | [Examples]({{< relref "/integrate/google-adk/examples" >}}) |

## More info

- [adk-redis on GitHub](https://github.com/redis-developer/adk-redis)
- [adk-redis on PyPI](https://pypi.org/project/adk-redis/)
- [Car dealership tutorial](https://redis.io/tutorials/build-a-car-dealership-agent-with-google-adk-and-redis-agent-memory/)
- [Redis Agent Memory Server](https://github.com/redis/agent-memory-server)

> - [RedisVL documentation](https://docs.redisvl.com)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [RedisVL documentation]({{< relref "/develop/ai/redisvl" >}})
```
